BugherdTask#784 (#1570)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/sensor-app/registering-the-sensor-app.md

There are two ways of connecting your smartphone to {{< product-c8y-iot >}}, depending on the platform's version.

> You can connect your smartphone via [QR code](#registration-using-qr-code), or if that does not work for earlier versions, follow the steps in [Manual registration](#manual-registration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can connect your smartphone via [QR code](#registration-using-qr-code). If that does not work, for example, because you are using an earlier {{< product-c8y-iot >}} version, follow the steps in [Manual registration](#manual-registration).
```
